we're gonna address this new thing
that's going on on the internet about
gastric plication and the risk of
perforation now we have an accumulated
experience we've done around 2 minutes
30 cases Counting today so it will be
around 236 our other Mexican experience
is up to 60 and the Brazilians are over
300 so that was that would put us
roughly at around 600 cases and the
interesting thing is we all learned the
technique in a very similar way our
technique our suturing technique is what
permits us to be complication treat and
let me explain
we have calibrated to know calibrated
tube being introduced into the stomach
now there's reasons there's reasons why
we do two lines of sutures very
difficult to be able to create tubular
stomach we want just with one lines so
the first line of sutures is going to be
an independent length which means one
stitch one knot if they're far apart and
I'll explain in a minute so it's going
to be sparingly through the hole greater
curvature for the outer edge of the
stomach the second line of sutures will
be the one that actually contains the
stomach in itself and it's a running
suture this combination is what creates
a safe gastric plication free from these
gastric perforation now with a start
surgery
and I'll explain as we go through